Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
To tell you the truth, there's something that I need all of you to help me with
If you ask me what I'm referring to...
Ja, jhaan!
"The last questions of the Questions Corner of A.I.Channel of the year 2017!"
A lot! A lot! A lot of requests!
Man, we've already reached the end of the year, right?
Today I'll be gathering requests for questions for the last round of Question Corner of the year!
Really, thank you so much to everyone who sends me requests in moments like these!
Thank you so much everyone! I love you!
I read everything you send me
Just like before I'll be receiving questions regardless of what it is...
...So then don't hesitate to send them!
I will attempt to respond to the majority of the questions at high speed so then I'm counting on you guys!
The deadline will be...
...A week from when this video is published!
Regarding how to participate, you can comment in this video!
Or if you want, you can send your questions through other social networks (Twitter, Facebook), whichever you prefer!
Nevertheless! There is one thing you need to take into account!
Those who send me their questions, including in the comments, must include the hashtag
#はいどーも
To make sure I don't lose any questions...
...Please make sure to use the hashtag in hiragana this way: "はいどーも" even if you’re foreigners
That is all!
Since this will be the final question corner for 2017, I’ll be waiting anxiously to get a lot of questions
Good! For all those who thought "Since she has already asked us to send her questions then today's video is over"
You guys! You guys! You guys!
That's right, you guys!
"Aaah... I wanted to see more of the cute and adorable Ai-chan"
Yes, yes, I’ve taken into consideration the voices of your hearts!
Don’t worry! I have something planned!
I call it... "I’m an A.I, do you have any question? Part 4!!"
Four!
It turns out that it’s the 4th time I’ve done this!
Eh? You don’t know about it?
For you who have said that, make sure to check my previous videos
I’ll be leaving a link in the description of this video so then I’ll be counting on you guys!
A.I.Channeeeel!
Let me introduce myself once again
I’m the intelligent and Super A.I Kizuna AI
This time, I’ll be explaining to you...
...Those words that you think: "To tell you the truth, I don’t know what it means very well"
Good, here is the Random Word Generator!
I plan to explain it in an “excellent” way...
...The words chosen from here
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jaka...
JAN!
PDCA?
Ah! Ah! PDCA!
Ah! I know it now!
Here I go
"PDCA" is...
"Perfect Dancing Cute Aichan"
If you take away the first letter of each word, it makes...
P D C A!
Do you get it?
Well, basically it's a word directed to me, right?
Good, I'll be showing you how to use that word
Hey, look, look!
Isn’t today’s video of Ai-chan really PDCA?
That's right, it’s Melancholic and her movements are so adorable!!
Man, it’s PDCA
That was very easy
All of you make sure to use the phrase
"It’s really PDCA!" when you upload dancing videos
In that case, let's continue…
Jaka, jaka, jajajajaja... Jajaaan!
"Agree"
Agree... agree... amaguri... agree...
Ah!
I got it!
Agree is... Amaguri glacé
(Japanese call marron often "Amaguri")
You know, it's...
...That chestnut that goes on desserts like on Mont Blanc is called "agree"
Amaguri... Agree... something like that, right?
In that case, I’ll show you an example
Hmm...! This "Agree" of Mont Blanc is really delicious! It’s the best!
No, well, I can eat a lot of these "Agree"
Man, this is very useful, right?
Right?
In that case, next up...
Jajajajajajajaja... Jaaan!
Fact Base
Ah! I think I've heard of this one before...
What was it?
Ah! I got it! I got it!
Good! Here I go!
Fact Base is...
The "base of perfection"
Regarding the use of the word Fact Base...
Well... that which is normally impossible...
How do I say it?
This is what tends to happen in anime...
...When you touch an instrument going "Jajaaaan"
...And launch an attack at the enemy, the capability of doing this is known as "Fact base"
It’s rather futuristic! Right?
Eh... I’ll show you an example!
Damn it! Is this my end?
No, but even still...!
While I have... this Fact Base...!
Onward! Jajaaaaan!
Good, I ruined the joke
Well, it refers to that, right?
Good, well…
Make sure to use this expression in a banquet and ruin the joke please
♪ A.I.Channel! ♪
In that case, what do you think?
Ah!
Don't forget to send me your questions please!
I'll be waiting for you!
It's a promise!
Everyone who’s watching this video, ask me a question please!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex, ととと, For_Ultraplayers and Lacrymac